W-14082819 - Added Release Notes and updated reference links to R2.20 (#34)
mulesoft/docs-accelerators: healthcare/2.20/modules/ROOT/pages/release-notes.adoc

= Release Notes
:hls-version: 2.20

== 2.20

*August 23, 2023*

> This release extends the solution provided for https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/org.mule.examples/mulesoft-accelerator-for-healthcare/minor/{hls-version}/pages/Use%20case%201%20-%20Patient%20360/[Patient 360 use case] to allow customers to discover and deploy from Salesforce using MuleSoft Direct for Health Cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release extends the solution provided for the https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/org.mule.examples/mulesoft-accelerator-for-healthcare/minor/{hls-version}/pages/Use%20case%201%20-%20Patient%20360/[Patient 360 use case] to allow customers to discover and deploy from Salesforce using MuleSoft Direct for Health Cloud. The following updates are included:
```

* Patient Summary - EMR Integration | https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/org.mule.examples/hls-hc-fhir-r4-sync-prc-api-impl[Application] 
* Event-based ingestion into Health Cloud | https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/org.mule.examples/hls-hl7v2-events-mgmt-listener-impl[Application] 

> * Enhanced FHIR R4 RAML libraries and specifications to leverage new version of AMF parser to better align with industry standard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Enhanced FHIR R4 RAML libraries and specifications to leverage the new version of AMF parser to better align with industry standards.
```
